In the recent past,
companies and governments have been adopting
the usage of the Cloud at a lightning-fast pace.
The past few years have seen massive migrations of workloads into the public Cloud.
Data centers are being closed and vacated right and left.
Many organizations have a Cloud first mandate in place for all new applications.
With the rapid adoption of the Cloud,
we're also seeing a rise in Cloud related security breaches.
Well-known brands such as Facebook, Instagram, Accenture, Verizon,
and CapitalOne are just a few companies that have been affected in the last few years.
As I mentioned earlier,
the impact can be huge in dollars,
impact to users, and public image.
Many of these breaches were a result of
simple misconfigurations to Cloud storage or servers.
In this course, we will introduce you to valuable steps you can take to
prevent these misconfigurations and reduce the risk of a breach.